Bug Pod Template File Values Ignored (#16095)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow/providers/cncf/kubernetes/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

1.2.1
.....

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> * ``Remove image_pull_policy "IfNotPresent" preset, will default to k8s "Always" if not set (#15388)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Remove image_pull_policy "IfNotPresent" default as k8s already defaults to `Always` if :latest tag is specified, or `IfNotPresent` otherwise (#15388)``
* ``Remove service_account_name "default" default as k8s already defaults to `default` if not set (#15388)``
```

Feel free to adjust, but I think we should describe both removals.

Author: Yes, thank you.
